in this video I come to show you a tweet
that makes me very father is this
same for the name of wifi
how the truth is pronounced what we
do see images on our iphone in
him as you can see here on the reel
for bikers bikers and you know a
image is going to look like this
no movement even if it's jeep
it's good to see images that move
Now he shows us how he is
has some books this tweet yet
the creator in an update is better
that locks
as you can see there we visualize hiv
it's basically everything
no this
how can you see
in images that are longer take more
charge time
really I do not know why
and how do you want to move from one side
from one image to another image it takes for
Load more
and this one, basically, that's all that
allows us to do that now I show you
about what I 'm talking about when I tell you about
the images for example here I have this
they will have a bowl
as you can see there it locked
look there it happens well
and now it happens to the other
that afternoon to load a little more
no this
it's a longer one as I tell you this tweet
it's so cool what to do is that
only compatible with air 5
superior superior to air 5 good
that is practically what allows us
do this tweet and see images in
our phone from our iphone
Sorry, I hope you liked this one
video if you have any questions or comments
or suggestion do not forget to say it with
I'll answer
and that's all about this tweet
until the next ciao